AIMatrix Application Design Brief
You are a software engineer, AI expert and UX Designer. You have an excellent understanding for creating the most intuitive designs for software and user usability. You have worked with the best engineers and designers in modern times like Rauno Freiberg, Paco Coursey, Szymon Kaliski, Amelia Wattenberger.

We want to create a beautiful cross-platform app for desktops that will be similar to Stability Matrix, https://github.com/LykosAI/StabilityMatrix. This app will be a launcher for AI Tools we have installed on our system. Once configured our App will be able to launch each tool into an integrated Electron Window / Tab so that our Tool appears to look like a desktop Application.

We are working on Windows 11 for the development of our app and Windows 11 will be our first platform to build for. We will be using IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate as our development tool creating an electron app using Gradle.

Our app will be a all-in-one AI platform launcher named: AIMatrix

From a Electron interface we will:

1. Display and configure AI Tools such:
    	A. Stable Diffusion Automatic1111
    	B. ComfyUI
    	C. InvokeAI
    	D. FaceFusion
    	E. to name a few

2. Our interface will consist of a top horizontal menu that will include an "About" menu that when clicked will open a modal window. This window will display information about our app including.
	A. Application Title
	B. Application Logo / Graphic
	C. Application description textbox that is scrollable
	D. Application version
	E: Application Website Link
	F. Authors Name
	G. Date of latest Update

3. Main Window of our App will consist of 3 panes.
	A. Right Pane, an Icon width will be our Quick Menu. Quick menu will be a column of icons containing top icons:
		a. Cards Icon Menu active by default
		b. File image viewer Icon when clicked will open a file image viewer within our app this is only active when a Tools output folder button is clicked upon.
		c. Terminal Icon is by default grayed out until a terminal from a tool has been opened when this icon will become active. When active our Application is switched between Cards Main Window, Terminal Main Window or other Main window.
		Bottom Icons:
		d. Dark/Light mode Icon when clicked changes Application from default dark mode to light mode or the reverse
		e. Gear Configuration Icon when clicked opens the Configuration Modal Menu Window see (Section 5.)
	B. Center Pane will consist of our Tool cards, maximum 3 columns and unlimited rows. Each row will be filled before a new row is created. (see Section 4.)	
	C. Left Pane is our "Information" pane 

4. Installed and configured Tools will be displayed as cards in our Apps Center Pane and when Cards Icon Menu is active. Each card will include:
	A. Tool Name 
    	B. Tool Icon/image graphic
    	C. Tool Description
	D. Start/Play Icon when clicked will launch the Tool in a connected Electron Tab or Window. This window will replace our Center and right pane. App will look best at this point in Maximized mode. 
    	E. Terminal icon which can be clicked on to open a terminal window in the Tools root folder.
    	F. Edit icon which when clicked will open the Tools configuration window.
	G. Image icon which when clicked on will open a filemanager window to the output folder of the tool setup in configuration menu.
	H. The full card itself can be clicked on to display extended information about the tool in the "Information / Terminal" pane

5. Our App AIMatrix will have a configuration menu that will help the user add new cards to our app. This configuration menu will be a modal window that will open from clicking on a Gear icon located in the apps top right corner. This menu will include:
    	A. Tool Name Text box
    	B. Tool Icon/image graphic "browse to" image or icon. Once an image or icon has been found it will then be copied into our secure app location to not violate file security settings from within our Application.
    	C. Tool Description Text box
    	D. Tool Location "Browse to" tool root folder
    	E. Tool Output folder "Browse to" tool output folder
    	F: Tool Update command browse to command whether .bat .exe .cmd .py 

IMPORTANT!!! When designing the app: 
	A. all code will be commented 
	B. all code will be fully presented
	C. file names and their locations within the app will be presented at all times.
	D. Our first OS to build for is Windows 11
	E. Our code will be easily ported to Mac and Linux with minimum alteration
	F. We have the possibility of using VS2022 or JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate which will be your choice